<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="configure_application_layout">
    <title>Configuring application layout</title>
    <shortdesc>The layout can be configured from the Preferences page.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p id="p_y1s_bgk_54b"><b>You can configure the interface to maximize the editing area,
                leaving more vertical screen space available for the main editing pane.</b> This is,
            for example, useful for presentations on low-resolution screens or for laptops with
            small screen space. You can use the following two actions that are available in the
                <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol> menu to create a near full-screen editing
            environment:</p>
        <p id="p_z1s_bgk_54b">
            <dl id="dl_abs_bgk_54b">
                <dlentry id="dlentry_bbs_bgk_54b">
                    <dt><b>Maximize Editor Area</b></dt>
                    <dd>If toggled on, all side views are minimized to give you more horizontal
                        space in the editing pane.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="dlentry_cbs_bgk_54b">
                    <dt><b>Hide All Toolbars</b></dt>
                    <dd>If toggled on, all toolbar buttons are hidden to give you more vertical
                        space in the interface.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </p>
        <p id="p_dbs_bgk_54b">You can also tile or stack all open editors using the following
            actions from the toolbar or <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol> menu:<dl id="dl_ebs_bgk_54b">
                <dlentry id="dlentry_fbs_bgk_54b">
                    <dt>Tile Editors Horizontally</dt>
                    <dd>Splits the editing area into horizontal tiles, one for each open file.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry id="dlentry_gbs_bgk_54b">
                    <dt>Tile Editors Vertically</dt>
                    <dd>Splits the editing area into vertical tiles, one for each open file.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl></p>
        <p id="p_kbs_bgk_54b">You can divide the editing area vertically and horizontally using the
            following actions available in the toolbar and <uicontrol>Window</uicontrol> menu:<ul
                id="ul_a4z_14p_2r">
                <li id="li_lbs_bgk_54b"><uicontrol>Split Editor Horizontally</uicontrol> - Splits
                    the editor horizontally so that two editor panes are displayed with one on top
                    of the other. This is useful for comparing and merging content between two
                    documents.</li>
                <li id="li_mbs_bgk_54b"><uicontrol>Split Editor Vertically</uicontrol> - Splits the
                    editor vertically so that two editor panes are displayed side by side. This is
                    useful for comparing and merging content between two documents.</li>
            </ul></p>
    </body>
</topic>
