<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="critical_thinking_mistakes">
    <title>Fix Review Comments</title>
    <shortdesc>Fix comments reported by reviewers using the "AI Resolve Comments" actions from the
        Callouts or Review view contextual menus.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p><?oxy_comment_start author="alex" timestamp="20250115T101357+0200" comment="Review this. Oxygen runs only in Windows and MacOS."?>Oxygen
            is a cross-platform application which runs only on Windows designed to accommodate all
            of your XML editing, authoring, developing, and publishing needs. </p><?oxy_comment_end?>
        <p><?oxy_comment_start author="alex" timestamp="20250115T100822+0200" comment="Review this information
" id="rjs_jmv_12c"?><?oxy_comment_start author="alex" timestamp="20250115T100853+0200" parentID="rjs_jmv_12c" comment="The first version of released Oxygen was 0.0.5." mid="2"?><?oxy_comment_start author="alex" timestamp="20250115T100945+0200" parentID="rjs_jmv_12c" comment="The information is incorrect. The first version of Oxygen were 0.0.9, released in 1999." mid="3"?>The
            first version of Oxygen was 1.0.0, released in
            1998.<?oxy_comment_end mid="3"?><?oxy_comment_end mid="2"?><?oxy_comment_end?></p>
        <p><?oxy_comment_start author="alex" timestamp="20250115T104804+0200" comment="The paragraph is too large! Review this" id="phs_4rv_12c"?><?oxy_comment_start author="alex" timestamp="20250115T104825+0200" parentID="phs_4rv_12c" comment="It should be into 2 paragraphs" mid="5"?><?oxy_comment_start author="alex" timestamp="20250115T104851+0200" parentID="phs_4rv_12c" comment="It is better to split into 3 paragraphs" mid="6"?>Oxygen
            XML Editor is a robust, feature-rich, and versatile tool designed to meet the needs of
            professionals working with XML, XSLT, XQuery, and related technologies. Widely regarded
            as one of the most powerful XML editing tools available, it provides an intuitive
            interface combined with advanced functionality to facilitate efficient and accurate
            editing, transformation, and validation of XML documents. Oxygen XML Editor supports a
            wide range of XML standards, including DITA, DocBook, TEI, and XHTML, making it an
            essential tool for technical writers, software developers, and content managers. It
            includes features such as syntax highlighting, real-time validation against schemas
            (e.g., DTD, XSD, RELAX NG), intelligent content completion, and a powerful debugging
            environment for XSLT and XQuery. Its robust support for collaborative workflows, version
            control systems like Git, and integration with CMSs ensures that teams can work
            seamlessly on complex projects. Additionally, its cross-platform compatibility and
            extensibility through plugins make it adaptable to a variety of use cases. Whether you
            are authoring structured content, managing metadata, or developing web services, Oxygen
            XML Editor provides a comprehensive toolkit that simplifies complex processes and boosts
            productivity.</p><?oxy_comment_end?><?oxy_comment_end mid="5"?><?oxy_comment_end mid="6"?>
        <p/>
    </body>
</topic>
