<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="marketing_post">
    <title>Marketing Post</title>
    <body>
        <p>You can use one of the <uicontrol>Marketing Post</uicontrol> action from the
                <uicontrol>AI Positron Assistant</uicontrol>
            <menucascade>
                <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol>Marketing</uicontrol>
            </menucascade> category to ask the AI Positron to create a marketing post for a
            selection containing release notes.</p>
        <p>A <b>Marketing Post</b> AI action from a specific content is incredibly useful to end
            users as it helps businesses effectively promote their products or services to a wider
            audience. By utilizing AI technology, this action can generate engaging and persuasive
            marketing posts that are tailored to the target audience, maximizing the chances of
            attracting potential customers.</p>
        <p>Select the content in the code block below containing release notes and invoke the
                <uicontrol>AI Positron Assistant</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Marketing->Marketing Post</uicontrol> action:</p>
        <p>
            <codeblock id="codeblock_mnx_pwc_b1c">- URL contents in input panels are now presented unescaped, improving user experience.
- Non-ASCII characters are no longer escaped when correcting URLs, making the process more seamless for users.
- Publishing now works even if all file names in a DITA project are translated to Chinese, allowing for greater flexibility in localization.
- File names are now computed from titles in a more flexible manner, enhancing user control over the naming process.
- Fast topic creation now offers increased flexibility for creating files based on titles, improving efficiency for users.
- PDF publishing for DITA projects with all file names in Chinese is now possible, resolving a previous limitation.
- The message no longer contains escaped characters when the project xpr file name contains Chinese characters in the application, ensuring clear communication.
- The rename/move preview no longer contains escaped characters in the changes list, providing a more accurate representation of the changes.
- Search references now display non-ASCII file names without escaped characters, improving search accuracy and readability.
- Exporting a zip file now shows unescaped characters for file names containing non-ASCII characters, ensuring file integrity during export.
- When creating a new DITA topic, the generated ID is now more complete, reducing the need for manual adjustments.
- Building deliverables is now possible even when the DITA map name is in Chinese, removing a previous limitation.</codeblock>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
