<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="introduction">
  <title>Introduction</title>
  <shortdesc>Welcome to the User Manual of <ph keyref="product"/>.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Introduction</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p product="author developer editor authorEclipse developerEclipse editorEclipse" id="p_pll_bgk_54b"><ph
        keyref="product"/> is a cross-platform application designed to accommodate all of your XML
      editing, authoring, developing, and publishing needs. It is the best XML editor available for
      document development using structured mark-up languages such as <ph>XML</ph>, XSD, Relax NG,
        <ph>XSL</ph>, <ph>DTD</ph>.<ph product="author editor authorEclipse editorEclipse"> It is a
        comprehensive solution for authors who want to edit XML documents visually, with or without
        extensive knowledge about XML and XML-related technologies. The WYSIWYG-like editor is
        driven by CSS stylesheets associated with the XML documents and offers many innovative,
        user-friendly authoring features that make XML authoring easy and powerful.</ph>
    </p>
    <p product="author developer editor authorEclipse developerEclipse editorEclipse" id="p_qll_bgk_54b">It offers
      developers <ph product="author authorEclipse editor editorEclipse">and authors </ph>a powerful
        <b>Integrated Development Environment</b> and the intuitive <b>Graphical User
        Interface</b> of <ph keyref="product"/> is easy to use and provides robust functionality
      for content editing, project management, and validation of structured mark-up sources. Coupled
      with <i>XSLT</i> and <i>FOP</i> transformation technologies, <ph keyref="product"/> offers
      support for generating output to multiple target formats, including: <i>PDF</i>, <i>PS</i>,
        <i>TXT</i>, <i>HTML</i>, <i>JavaHelp</i>, <i>WebHelp</i>, and <i>XML</i>.</p>
    <p> Whether you are a seasoned XML developer or new to XML editing, Oxygen XML Editor provides a
      comprehensive solution for all your XML editing needs. With its cross-platform compatibility,
      you can use Oxygen XML Editor on any operating system. Its extensive support for structured
      mark-up languages such as XML, XSD, Relax NG, XSL, and DTD allows you to work with a wide
      range of document types. One of the key features of Oxygen XML Editor is its WYSIWYG-like
      editor, which allows you to visually edit XML documents. You don't need to have extensive
      knowledge of XML and related technologies to use this editor effectively. The editor is driven
      by CSS stylesheets associated with the XML documents, giving you control over the appearance
      of your content. For developers, Oxygen XML Editor offers a powerful Integrated Development
      Environment (IDE) with a user-friendly graphical user interface. This IDE not only provides
      robust functionality for content editing but also facilitates project management and
      validation of structured mark-up sources. In addition to editing and authoring capabilities,
      Oxygen XML Editor supports XSLT and FOP transformation technologies. This means you can easily
      generate output in various target formats such as PDF, PS, TXT, HTML, JavaHelp, WebHelp, and
      XML. With its intuitive interface and extensive features, Oxygen XML Editor is the ideal tool
      for XML editing, authoring, developing, and publishing. Whether you are working on small
      projects or large-scale document development, Oxygen XML Editor has got you covered. Let's
      dive into the user manual to explore all the features and functionalities of this powerful
      tool.</p>
    <p product="author developer editor authorEclipse developerEclipse editorEclipse"
      id="p_rll_bgk_54b">This user guide is focused on describing features, functionality, the
      application interface, and to help you quickly get started. It also includes a vast amount of
      advanced technical information and instructional topics that are designed to teach you how to
      use <ph keyref="product"/> to accomplish your tasks. It is assumed that you are familiar with
      the use of your operating system and the concepts related to XML technologies and structured
      mark-up. If you are new to XML editing or need a refresher, we recommend reviewing the basic
      concepts of XML and structured mark-up before diving into this user manual. Familiarity with
      concepts such as XML syntax, elements, attributes, namespaces, and Document Type Definitions
      (DTD) will greatly enhance your understanding and utilization of Oxygen XML Editor's features.
      Throughout this user guide, you will find step-by-step instructions, screenshots, and examples
      to help you navigate and utilize Oxygen XML Editor effectively. Each section will cover a
      specific aspect of the application, from basic editing and validation to advanced features
      such as XSLT transformations and document publishing. To make the most of this user guide, we
      recommend following along with the examples and practicing the described tasks in Oxygen XML
      Editor. This hands-on approach will not only help you grasp the concepts more efficiently but
      also allow you to experiment and explore the vast capabilities of the application. In addition
      to the user guide, Oxygen XML Editor also provides extensive documentation and resources on
      its website. You can find tutorials, videos, and a knowledge base that cover a wide range of
      topics related to XML editing and Oxygen XML Editor's features. Whether you are a seasoned XML
      developer or a beginner, we hope this user manual serves as a valuable resource to help you
      maximize your productivity and achieve your XML editing goals with Oxygen XML Editor. Let's
      get started!</p>
  </body>
</topic>
