<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="application_configuration">
    <title>Correct Grammar</title>
    <body>
        <p>You can use the <uicontrol>Correct Grammar</uicontrol> action from the <uicontrol>AI
                Positron Assistant</uicontrol>
            <menucascade>
                <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol>Rewrite</uicontrol>
            </menucascade> category to ask the AI Positron to correct the grammar mistakes inside a
            DITA topic's selected content. </p>
        <p>A <b>Correct Grammar</b> AI action is highly valuable to end users as it ensures that
            their written communication is error-free and professional. This AI action leverages
            advanced language processing algorithms to detect and correct grammatical errors, such
            as punctuation mistakes, subject-verb agreement issues, incorrect verb tenses, and more.
            By using this AI action, users avoid embarrassing grammar mistakes that could negatively
            impact their credibility, both in personal and professional contexts. It not only saves
            time by automatically fixing errors but also serves as a helpful tool for learning and
            improving one's grammar skills. With an AI assistant dedicated to correct grammar, users
            can confidently express themselves through flawless writing, making their communication
            more impactful and effective.</p>
        <p>Open the <xref href="correct_grammar_sample.dita"/> topic, select the entire content and
            invoke the <uicontrol>Correct Grammar</uicontrol> action.</p>
        <p>Open the <xref href="other_correct_grammar_samples.dita"/> topic, select the entire
            content and invoke the <uicontrol>Correct Grammar</uicontrol> action.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
