<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="improve_readability">
    <title>Improve Readability</title>
    <body>
        <p id="p_pll_bgk_54b">Oxygen is a cross-platform application designed to accommodate all of
            your XML editing, authoring, developing, and publishing needs. It is the best XML editor
            available for document development using structured mark-up languages such as
                <ph>XML</ph>, XSD, Relax NG, <ph>XSL</ph>, <ph>DTD</ph>.</p>
        <p> Whether you are a seasoned XML developer or new to XML editing, Oxygen XML Editor
            provides a comprehensive solution for all your XML editing needs. With its
            cross-platform compatibility, you can use Oxygen XML Editor on any operating system. Its
            extensive support for structured mark-up languages such as XML, XSD, Relax NG, XSL, and
            DTD allows you to work with a wide range of document types. One of the key features of
            Oxygen XML Editor is its WYSIWYG-like editor, which allows you to visually edit XML
            documents. </p>
        <p>Throughout this user guide, you will find step-by-step instructions, screenshots, and
            examples to help you navigate and utilize Oxygen XML Editor effectively. Each section
            will cover a specific aspect of the application, from basic editing and validation to
            advanced features such as XSLT transformations and document publishing. To make the most
            of this user guide, we recommend following along with the examples and practicing the
            described tasks in Oxygen XML Editor. This hands-on approach will not only help you
            grasp the concepts more efficiently but also allow you to experiment and explore the
            vast capabilities of the application. In addition to the user guide, Oxygen XML Editor
            also provides extensive documentation and resources on its website. You can find
            tutorials, videos, and a knowledge base that cover a wide range of topics related to XML
            editing and Oxygen XML Editor's features. Whether you are a seasoned XML developer or a
            beginner, we hope this user manual serves as a valuable resource to help you maximize
            your productivity and achieve your XML editing goals with Oxygen XML Editor. Let's get
            started</p>
    </body>
</topic>
