<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="improve_structure">
    <title>Improve Structure</title>
    <shortdesc>Use the <uicontrol>Improve Structure</uicontrol> custom action on the examples below
        to add structure to existing DITA XML content.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>You can configure application options using the Preferences dialog box. You can select
            the preference page you are interested in from the tree on the left of the Preferences
            dialog box. You can filter the tree by using the filter text box, and then the following
            buttons are available to the right of the text box: Expand All - Expands the structure
            of the tree to show all preference pages. Collapse All - Collapses the structure of the
            tree to show only the 1st level preference pages. Project-Level Options Only - If
            toggled on, it filters the tree to only show the preference pages that are saved at the
            project level. Some preference pages include an option to control how the options are
            stored, either as Global Options or Project Options. You can restore options to their
            default values by pressing the Restore Defaults button available in each preferences
            page.</p>
        <p>The upper part of the dialog box allows you to specify the Name of the transformation
            scenario and the following Storage options: Project Options - The scenario is stored in
            the project file and can be shared with other users. For example, if your project is
            saved on a source versioning/sharing system (CVS, SVN, Source Safe, etc.) or a shared
            folder, your team can use the scenarios that you store in the project file. Global
            Options - The scenario is saved in the global options that are stored in the user home
            directory and is not accessible to other users.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
