<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="code-development">
    <title>Code Development</title>
    <body>
        <p>The AI Positron add-on is a very useful copilot when editing in Oxygen XML
            Editor/Developer and Oxygen JSON Editor documents such as XSLT stylesheets, XSD,
            Schematron, and JSON Schema documents.</p>
        <p>For example, when such a document is opened in Oxygen, the
                <uicontrol>Development</uicontrol> menu category contains useful actions:<ul
                id="ul_bbv_yhq_gbc">
                <li><uicontrol>Explain Code </uicontrol><b> (available for XSLT, Schematron, XSD,
                        CSS, XQuery, JSON, and JSON Schema)</b> - generates an explanation of the
                    code in the Chat view.<ul id="ul_vp3_lzv_cdc">
                        <li>Select, for example, an <xref href="ExplainCode/profilerCommons.xsl"
                                format="xsl">XSLT template</xref> and use this action from the
                            contextual menu or the quick assist menu. It will show an explanation in
                            simple terms of what the XSLT template does in the chat view.</li>
                        <li>Similarly, you can choose an <xref href="ExplainCode/personal.xsd"
                                format="xsd">XSD type</xref>, a <xref
                                href="ExplainCode/personal-schema.json" format="json">JSON
                                Schema</xref> definition, a <xref href="ExplainCode/rules.sch"
                                format="sch">Schematron rule</xref>, some <xref
                                href="ExplainCode/authors.xquery" format="xquery">XQuery
                            code</xref>, or some <xref href="ExplainCode/personal.css" format="css"
                                >CSS rules</xref>, and then use the action to get an explanation of
                            the code in the chat view.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li><uicontrol>Document Code (available for XSLT, XSD, and Schematron) </uicontrol>
                    - generates the documentation of the code and includes it as a comment before
                    the current element.<ul id="ul_gnk_nzv_cdc">
                        <li>Select, for example, an <xref href="DocumentCode/escape-for-regex.xsl"
                                format="xsl">XSLT template</xref> and use this action to add
                            documentation before the XSLT template explaining what it does.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li><uicontrol>Annotate Code</uicontrol>
                    <b> (available for XSLT, Schematron, and XSD)</b> - generates XML comments
                    within the code found in the current selection, at the cursor location, or in
                    the whole document. The generated annotations explain key concepts of the
                        code.<ul id="ul_mzd_5jf_2fc">
                        <li>You can open an <xref href="AnnotateCode/getNavigationImage.xsl"
                                format="xsl">XSLT</xref> document and select a template. Then, use
                            the Annotate Code action to document the template and the code within
                            it. The documented template will be displayed in the Chat view, allowing
                            you to preview and accept the modifications.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li><uicontrol>Chat About Code</uicontrol>
                    <b>(available for XSLT, Schematron, XSD, CSS, XQuery, JSON, and JSON Schema)</b>
                    - creates a new chat to start a discussion with the AI regarding the code.<ul
                        id="ul_p1c_4zv_cdc">
                        <li>Start a discussion with the AI regarding the <xref
                                href="ChatAboutCode/personal.xsl" format="xsl">XSLT code</xref>
                            found in the current selection or the element content at the current
                            cursor location. You can use the chat to improve the code, modify the
                            generated content, or ask questions about the code.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li><uicontrol>Generate Code</uicontrol>
                    <b>(available for XSLT, Schematron, XSD, CSS, XQuery, JSON, and JSON Schema)</b>
                    - generates code based on a specified instruction.<ul id="ul_m4s_pzv_cdc">
                        <li>For example, you can generate the content of an <xref
                                href="GenerateCode/xsl/gradebook.xsl" format="xsl">XSLT
                                stylesheet</xref> that will process your XML document. Just place
                            the caret after the comment that describes what you want to generate and
                            use the action. </li>
                        <li>You can generate specific <xref href="GenerateCode/xsl/data.xsl"
                                format="xsl">XSLT templates or functions</xref> based on
                            instructions. The instruction can be a selected text, in which case the
                            text will be replaced with the generated code. Alternatively, the
                            instruction can be the previous XML comment, in which case the generated
                            text will be inserted after the comment.</li>
                        <li>For <xref href="GenerateCode/xsd/shippingOrder.xsd" format="xsd"
                                >XSD</xref>, you can create new schema components using a
                            description and reuse existing components from the document.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li><uicontrol>Suggest Refactoring</uicontrol>
                    <b>(available for XSLT and XSD)</b>  - proposes a suggestion for refactoring the
                    code to simplify it and make it easier to read and understand.<ul
                        id="ul_hhn_szv_cdc">
                        <li>For instance, you can choose the content of an <xref
                                href="SuggestRefactoring/xsl/modularization.xsl" format="xsl">XSLT
                                stylesheet</xref> with a monolithic template and execute the action.
                            Once the action is performed, several templates will be generated,
                            enhancing the readability and comprehension of the stylesheet.</li>
                        <li>You can select, for example, an <xref
                                href="SuggestRefactoring/xsl/xsltChangeMethods.xsl" format="xsl"
                                >XSLT template</xref> to be refactored and the action will simplify
                            the code and reuse already defined templates and functions.</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul></p>
        <p>In addition, when moving the cursor within the document, a <i>quick assist</i> bulb
            appears in the navigation vertical stripe bar. Clicking the bulb opens a popup with
            available actions.</p>
    </body>
    <related-links>
        <link
            href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/doc/ug-addons/topics/ai_positron.html"
            format="html" scope="external"/>
    </related-links>
</topic>
