<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="improve_search_engine_optimization">
    <title>Improve Search Engine Optimization</title>
    <body>
        <p>Select the section below and use the <uicontrol>AI Positron Assistant</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Marketing->Improve SEO</uicontrol> action to improve the search engine
            optimization.</p>
        <section id="section_x4s_gxc_b1c">
            <title>Useful AI Positron Actions</title>
            <p>The Oxygen AI Positron Assistant offers predefined AI actions, user-defined actions,
                and favorites for chat sessions. It provides features like editable chat
                interactions, AI fixes for errors, XPath AI-based functions, and custom author
                actions that invoke AI processing. The tool also supports Schematron validation and
                AI-based quick-fixes, refactoring actions, code generation, streaming mode for
                actions, and context-specific information.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Getting Started with Python Programming</title>
                <p>Python is a popular programming language known for its simplicity and readability. One of the first things you might do when learning Python is print a message.</p>
                <codeblock>print("Hello, World!")</codeblock>
                <p>This line of code will print the message "Hello, World!" when run in a Python environment.</p>
                <p>Python is versatile and can be used for a variety of tasks, from web development to data analysis.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
