<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="new_dita_topic">
    <title>New DITA Topic</title>
    <body>
        <p>You can use the <uicontrol>New DITA Topic</uicontrol> action from the <uicontrol>AI
                Positron Assistant</uicontrol>
            <menucascade>
                <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol>Content Generation</uicontrol>
            </menucascade> category to ask the <b>AI Positron</b> to create a new DITA topic
            containing content expanded by the <b>AI</b> based on an initial idea expressed in plain
            text format.</p>
        <p>The <uicontrol>New DITA Topic</uicontrol> prompt dialog allows attaching images, PDF,
            Word or PowerPoint documents. There are some sample documents in: <xref
                href="https://github.com/oxygenxml-incubator/ai-positron-assistant-samples/tree/main/Convert"
                format="html" scope="external"/>.</p>
        <dl>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Create a DITA XML topic from an attached document</dt>
                <dd>
                    <p>
                        <codeblock id="codeblock_nsk_ndw_11c">Create a valid DITA XML topic from the following content. </codeblock>
                    </p>
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <note id="note_ovw_dsy_s1c">
            <p>This action is not compatible with the <b>WebAuthor</b> in-browser editor.</p>
            <p><b>Purpose of Home Device Manager. </b>Home Device Manager allows broadband providers
                to remotely manage <i>CPE (customer premises equipment)</i>, such as residential
                gateways, DSL and cable modems, femtocell access points, IP set-top boxes, and VoIP
                terminal adapters. Allowing for large-scale remote management of a multi-vendor CPE
                network, Home Device Manager offers a standardized CPE integration layer that
                enables providers to manage CPE that support either the Broadband Forum's TR-069
                protocol or other protocols such as Telnet. </p>
            <p><?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,255,0"?>After executing
                the <b>Improve Structure</b> Positron AI action <?oxy_custom_end?>:</p>
            <p><uicontrol>Purpose of Home Device Manager</uicontrol></p>
            <p>Home Device Manager allows broadband providers to remotely manage <i>CPE (customer
                    premises equipment)</i>, such as:</p>
            <ul id="ul_efw_vcc_kfc">
                <li>Residential gateways</li>
                <li>DSL and cable modems</li>
                <li>Femtocell access points</li>
                <li>IP set-top boxes</li>
                <li>VoIP terminal adapters</li>
            </ul>
            <p>Allowing for large-scale remote management of a multi-vendor CPE network, Home Device
                Manager offers a standardized CPE integration layer that enables providers to manage
                CPE that support either the <keyword>Broadband Forum's TR-069 protocol</keyword> or
                other protocols such as <codeph>Telnet</codeph>.</p>
        </note>
        <section id="section_m21_xzb_kfc">
            <title>Resolved issues</title>
            <p>
                <table id="tableID-resolved_issues" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1">
                    <title>Resolved issues</title>
                    <tgroup cols="3">
                        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
                        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
                        <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>ID</entry>
                                <entry>Summary</entry>
                                <entry>Description</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21598</entry>
                                <entry>HDM throws an exception when the USP device sends any
                                    notifications prior to the OnBoard notification</entry>
                                <entry><b>Symptoms.</b> HDM encounters a NullPointerException (NPE)
                                    when it receives notifications from the USP devices before the
                                    OnBoard notification, Due to these exceptions, trace log file
                                    grows quickly.<p><b>Resolution.</b> This issue occurs due to the
                                        absence of the DeviceID triplet for the agent's endpointID.
                                        This issue has been fixed in this release.</p></entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21606</entry>
                                <entry>The firmware upgrade custom function fails because required
                                    parameters are missing in the USP event notifications</entry>
                                <entry><b>Symptoms.</b> The firmware upgrade function fails to
                                    complete successfully. This issue also affects other custom
                                    functions that depend on the same parameters.
                                            <p><b>Resolution.</b> The root cause is missing
                                        parameters in _inform.getParameters(), impacting all USP
                                        devices using this functionality. This issue has been fixed
                                        in this release.</p></entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21600</entry>
                                <entry>Issue with HDMADMIN console displaying domains incorrectly in
                                    HDM 23</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p><b>Symptoms.</b> When a user logs in to the /hdmadmin console
                                        and clicks on the <b>Domains</b> tab, an error message
                                        appears if the logged-in user has the
                                        HDM_Domain_Administrator role but does not belong to any
                                        domain.</p>
                                    <p><b>Resolution.</b> The resolution is to provide an
                                        appropriate message to the user when the issue occurs. This
                                        issue has been fixed in this release.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21594</entry>
                                <entry>TR-181 devices fail to retry CF activation after
                                    Activation.waitForOSSDataTimeoutSecs timeout, leaving users
                                    non-activated</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p><b>Symptoms.</b> For TR-181 devices, the activation does not
                                        retry upon getting stuck at waiting for provisioning
                                        information state as they don't make use of SCE
                                        Activation.waitForOSSDataTimeoutSecs.</p>
                                    <p><b>Resolution.</b> This issue has been fixed in this release
                                        and the same SCE now serves both TR098 and TR181
                                        devices.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21579</entry>
                                <entry>Communication log via UI, NBI, manually and more, for
                                    specific devices is not turned on by default</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p><b>Symptoms.</b> By default, the communication log for
                                        specific devices is disabled during the zero activation
                                        process. Users can only manually enable the communication
                                        log through the UI, NBI, or other methods after the device
                                        is created. As a result, any issues or inconsistencies in
                                        device communication are not captured for debugging
                                        purposes.</p>
                                    <p><b>Resolution.</b> Any device activated during zero touch
                                        activation mode, the communication log can now be enabled by
                                        default, using SCE parameter :
                                        communication.logging.enable.on.activation = true.</p>
                                    <p>The default value is "false". To turn it on, users need to
                                        set the value to "true" and no cluster restart is required
                                        post setting this SCE.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21557</entry>
                                <entry>The Install command and path in JSonUtil.java are incorrect,
                                    causing issues during software module installation</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p><b>Symptoms.</b> The current Install() command and its path
                                        are incorrect, leading to installation failures. Users may
                                        experience errors during the installation process, and the
                                        software modules may not be deployed correctly.</p>
                                    <p><b>Resolution.</b> Update the Install command and path from
                                        Device.SoftwareModules.DeploymentUnit.[UUID=="&lt;UUID_val>"].Install()
                                        to Device.SoftwareModules.InstallDU() to resolve the
                                        installation issues. This issue has been fixed in this
                                        release.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21554</entry>
                                <entry>Domain based filtering of HDM artefacts fails to work when
                                    upgraded from HDM 20.2 to HDM 23.0.4</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p><b>Symptoms.</b> Domain based filtering of HDM objects does
                                        not work as expected and hierarchical rules are not
                                        followed. This bug has been present since HDM R 23.</p>
                                    <p><b>Resolution.</b> This issue has been fixed in this
                                        release.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21329</entry>
                                <entry>Redis errors after upgrade to version 6.2.13 for HDM as part
                                    of the 24.0.1 release</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p><b>Symptoms.</b> When a user upgrades to Redis version 6.2.13
                                        for HDM as part of the 24.0.1 release, it causes Redis
                                        exceptions and errors. Restarting Redis and HDM Cluster does
                                        not seem to fix this issue.</p>
                                    <p><b>Resolution.</b> This issue has been fixed in this
                                        release.</p>
                                    <p><b> Note: </b>Redis cluster is not supported with USP.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21330</entry>
                                <entry>USP CPE devices failed to connect with MQTT broker because
                                    broker credentials were not persistent</entry>
                                <entry><b>Symptoms.</b> When USP devices are activated using
                                    Pre-provisioning mode. There are two unexpected behaviour such
                                        as:<ul id="ul_kf1_xzb_kfc">
                                        <li>When a user tries to connect to the MQTT broker using
                                            the broker's username and password, the connection
                                            fails.</li>
                                        <li>A USP device could connect to the broker using the
                                            broker username and password of another device.</li>
                                    </ul><p><b>Resolution.</b> Both issues have been resolved in
                                        this release.</p></entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-21192</entry>
                                <entry>On HDM 23.0.0, The Rest NBI Resource PUT
                                    /alarmDefinitions/&lt;alarmName> ignores the field
                                    "filterParameters"</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p><b>Symptoms.</b> On HDM 23.0.0, The Rest NBI Resource PUT
                                        /alarmDefinitions/&lt;alarmName> ignores the field
                                        "filterParameters".</p>
                                    <p><b>Resolution.</b> This issue has been fixed in this release
                                        by removing the filterParameters Array Value
                                        Device.X_SWISSCOM-COM_DeviceManagement.FirewallLevel2.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>HDM-17740</entry>
                                <entry>HTTP 400 error encountered while saving certain IWE
                                    scripts</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p><b>Symptoms.</b> It is observed that IWE returns an HTTP 400
                                        error when saving a script. Even if no actual update is
                                        performed, clicking <b>Save</b> returns the error. The
                                        expected behavior should allow IWE scripts containing
                                        strings with single quotes. However, if the script contains
                                        'and' and 'or', the IWE console throws an error.</p>
                                    <p><b>Resolution.</b> A pop-up error message and logging have
                                        been added to address this issue. When
                                        "&lt;space>and&lt;space>" or "&lt;space>or&lt;space>" is
                                        added in any section of an IWE script (including comments),
                                        an error dialogue is displayed to the user and the script
                                        will not be saved. In addition, the error will be logged in
                                        the iwe.log file, stating that:</p>
                                    <p><i>Text ' and ', ' or ' are not permitted in IWE script, not
                                            even in comments section hence Security filter REJECTS
                                            HTTP param (SQL inject)</i></p>
                                    <p>This is applicable for both old and new IWE consoles.</p>
                                    <p>This issue has been fixed in this release.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table>
            </p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
