<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="new_dita_topic">
    <title>New DITA Topic</title>
    <body>
        <codeblock id="codeblock_t2y_khb_b1c">Create an "Installation" DITA topic with 2 sections: "System requirements" and "Installation steps". 
Provide some minimum and recommended values for the system requirements. 
Use a 3-column table for the system resources, the columns being called Resource, 
Minimum and Recommended. Don't forget to use the &lt;body> element inside the topic.</codeblock>
        <p>
            <codeblock id="codeblock_nsk_ndw_11c">Installing an application named Emerald on Mac OS using the DMG installer.</codeblock>
        </p>
    </body>
    <topic id="topic_install_emerald_macos">
        <title>Installing Emerald on Mac OS</title>
        <body>
            <p>To install the Emerald application on Mac OS, you will need to use the DMG installer.</p>
            <p>Follow the steps below to complete the installation:</p>
            <ol>
                <li>Download the Emerald DMG installer from the official website.</li>
                <li>Locate the downloaded DMG file in your Downloads folder.</li>
                <li>Double-click the DMG file to open it.</li>
                <li>A new window will appear showing the contents of the DMG file.</li>
                <li>Drag the Emerald application icon to the Applications folder icon.</li>
                <li>Wait for the copying process to complete.</li>
                <li>Once the copying is finished, you can close the DMG window.</li>
                <li>Navigate to the Applications folder on your Mac.</li>
                <li>Locate the Emerald application and double-click it to launch.</li>
            </ol>
            <p>The Emerald application is now installed on your Mac OS. You can start using it by launching it from the Applications folder.</p>
        </body>
    </topic>
</topic>
