<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="spell-check-in-files">
    <title>Spell Check Multiple Files</title>
    <body>
        <p id="p_q45_bgk_54b">The <uicontrol>Check Spelling in Files</uicontrol> action allows you
            to check the spelling on multiple local or remote documents. This action is available in
            the following locations: <ul id="ul_r45_bgk_54b">
                <li id="li_s45_bgk_54b"><ph product="author developer editor json">The
                            <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> menu.</ph></li>
                <li id="li_t45_bgk_54b">The contextual menu of the <uicontrol
                        product="author developer editor json">Project</uicontrol><uicontrol
                        product="authorEclipse developerEclipse editorEclipse">Project
                        Explorer</uicontrol> view.</li>
                <li product="editor author authorEclipse editorEclipse" id="li_u45_bgk_54b">The
                    contextual menu of the <uicontrol>DITA Maps Manager</uicontrol> view, when
                    editing DITA documents.</li>
            </ul>This action opens the <uicontrol>Check Spelling in Files</uicontrol> dialog box
            that allows you to define the scope and several other options. After you configure the
            settings for the operation, click the <uicontrol>Check All</uicontrol> button to check
            the spelling in all specified files. </p>
        <p id="p_w45_bgk_54b">
            <fig id="check-spelling-in-files-dialog-oxygen" product="author developer editor json">
                <title>Check Spelling in Files Dialog Box (Invoked from Project View)</title>
            </fig>
        </p>
        <p id="p_x45_bgk_54b">The following scopes are possible, depending on where the action was invoked:</p>
        <ul id="ul_y45_bgk_54b">
            <li id="li_z45_bgk_54b"><uicontrol>All opened files</uicontrol> - The spell check is performed in all open files.</li>
            <li id="li_ap5_bgk_54b"><uicontrol>Current file directory</uicontrol> - All the files in the folder of the currently edited file.</li>
        </ul>
        <p id="p_fp5_bgk_54b">The <uicontrol>Options</uicontrol> section includes the following options:</p>
        <ul id="ul_r43_tbh_wr">
            <li id="li_gp5_bgk_54b"><uicontrol>File filter</uicontrol> - Allows you to filter the files from the selected scope.</li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</topic>
