<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="answer_questions_overview">
    <title>Generate/Answer Questions</title>
    <body>
        <p>You can use the <uicontrol>Generate Questions</uicontrol> action from the <uicontrol>AI
                Positron Assistant</uicontrol>
            <menucascade>
                <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol>Overview</uicontrol>
            </menucascade> category to ask the AI Positron to generate a list of questions from a
            DITA XML topic. This is an useful action to better understand to what questions asked by
            an end user the written topic may answer.</p>
        <p>The <b>Generate Questions</b> AI action is incredibly useful to end users as it helps
            them gain a deeper understanding of a specific content. With this feature, the AI
            analyzes the content and generates thought-provoking questions related to the topic.
            These questions serve multiple purposes, such as encouraging critical thinking,
            enhancing comprehension, and promoting engagement with the material. </p>
        <p>Open the <xref href="generate_questions_sample.dita"/> topic and invoke the
                <uicontrol>Generate Questions</uicontrol> action.</p>
        <p>You can use the <uicontrol>Answer Questions</uicontrol> action from the <uicontrol>AI
                Positron Assistant</uicontrol>
            <menucascade>
                <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol>
                <uicontrol>Overview</uicontrol>
            </menucascade> category to ask the AI Positron to understand the contents of a DITA XML
            topic and then to answer to questions asked about it. </p>
        <p>The <uicontrol>Answer Questions</uicontrol> action is useful to better understand if the
            written topic may answer a specific question the user may have.</p>
        <p>Open the <xref href="generate_questions_sample.dita"/> topic and invoke the
                <uicontrol>Answer Questions</uicontrol> action. Afterwards ask the AI questions
            about the topic, for example:</p>
        <p>
            <ul>
                <li>Which media resources can be added to DITA, DocBook, or XHTML topics?</li>
                <li>How to insert and configure a reference to a media resource in Author mode?</li>
                <li>What the toolbar button allows you to do when adding media resources in Author
                    mode?</li>
                <li>What to do if videos do not play in Author mode on Ubuntu 17.10?</li>
                <li>How the publishing stage converts the media object for proper rendering in
                    HTML5-based outputs?</li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
